Instructor: Now as shown in the previous lecture,
setting the from email might not be enough
to make our fake emails look identical to real emails.
Therefore, in this lecture,
I'm gonna teach you how to set the sender name
so that our fake emails look identical
to real emails sent by real people.
To do that, we're gonna have to use advanced options.
So coming back to the terminal window,
if you look in here,
you can see we can use the o argument
to specify advanced options.
And the advanced option that we want to use
is a message header right here.
So, I'm gonna copy this.
And in our terminal I'm gonna do -o
to specify an advanced option.
And the advanced option that I wanna set
is a message header.
And this message header is going to be the from header.
And I wanna set this to the name
that I wanted to appear in here.
So in my case, I want it to say Mohammad Askar.
Then, we're gonna put the from email
inside the greater and smaller signs.
So again, the from email, in my case,
is m.askar@isecurity.org.
And that's it. We're done.
Now before hit in enter and send in this message,
I'm gonna clear the screen
and I just wanna walk you through the command
just to make sure that you understand what we're doing.
So first of all, we're using a program called send email.
This is the email client that we're using
in order to first authenticate with our email server
and then send the email.
Then, the command is split into two stages.
The first stage is where we authenticate
with the email server.
Like I said, this is similar to what you do
when you go to Gmail.
First, you have to log in,
and this is what we're doing here.
We're using the -xu argument to specify the email.
We're using the -xp argument to specify the password
and -s to specify the server.
So if I go up,
we got all of this information from the server
that we signed up for, so we got it from here.
Now, once we log in and authenticate,
the next stage is to actually send the email
to compose the message.
So, we're using the from argument to specify the from email.
We're using the -t argument to specify
the email we want to send the email to.
We're using -u to specify the title,
-: m to specify the message body.
And finally, we used an advanced option
to set the message header,
and we set the message header to whatever we want to appear
beside the email title
when the email is delivered in the inbox.
So, we're ready to send this.
I'm gonna hit Enter.
And perfect. As you can see,
it's saying email is sent successfully,
and I'm actually already listening
for incoming connections in here in my multi handler.
So let's go to the target.
And as you can see, we have a new email.
It's coming from Mohammad Askar.
So exactly like a legitimate email coming from this person.
We can see the subject like we said it,
and we can see the body.
Now if we go inside, again,
we have a thumbnail of this person.
It's showing his name, it's showing his email,
it's showing his picture.
So it looks legit.
It looks like a proper message sent from this person.
Now this person is a friend of mine,
and we tailored the message
so that it appears as if it's coming from a friend.
If I click on the link,
you'll see the file will automatically start downloading.
Dropbox is not asking us
if we actually want to download this,
so I'm gonna click Okay to download it.
It's gonna go in my downloads.
So if we open the downloads,
right click and uncompress this,
we'll have the GTR with the image
with the proper extension like we've seen before.
And if we double click it,
we'll see the picture of the car
that my friend is trying to buy.
So everything looks legit so far.
But if we go back to the CALI machine,
you'll see that we got a connection from the target
and we basically gained full access to their computer.
So if we do there,
you'll see all the directories
and basically we can run any system command.
Now, it is very important to note
that this will only work if the domain that you are spoofing
or setting the sender to
does not implement proper email authentication.
With that being said,
many statistics suggest
that over 80% of organizations around the world
do not implement proper email authentication,
and therefore you'd be able
to impersonate these organizations
and send emails and make them appear
as if they're sent from these organizations.
Now to check if a domain can be spoofed,
you can easily go to this website right here,
and all you have to do is put the domain
that you want to spoof or impersonate in here.
So for example, if we put zsecurity.org,
which is our company domain,
you'll see that we have no DMARC records.
It's telling us that nothing is detected,
and therefore we can actually send emails
and make them appear
like they're sent from any email at zsecurity.org.
And we did that on purpose to show you in this lecture.
So this is very, very dangerous.
And if you own or manage a domain
that is not implementing this properly,
then you should really fix this
because this means that hackers can spoof emails
and make them seem as if they're sent from your domain
or your organization.
Now the main thing that you wanna keep in mind
when it comes to this method
is that this method is generic.
So it works against Windows, Linux, OSX, Android,
doesn't really matter.
The only thing that you wanna make sure is
the file that you're sending to the target
should work on their target operating system.
And I actually cover generating backdoors
and credential harvesters
and all this cool stuff for all operating systems
in my Social Engineering Course.
So if you're interested in that,
then check out the bonus lecture,
the last lecture of this course,
because it includes links to all of my other courses,
including the Social Engineering Course.